add: task description for depth estimation. (#513)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/depth-estimation/about.md

## Use Cases

> Depth estimation models can be used to approximate the depth of different objects present in an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depth estimation models can be used to estimate the depth of different objects present in an image.
```
Sounded like an easier read 😅

### Estimation of Volumetric Information

> Depth estimation models are widely used to study volumetric formation of objects present inside an image. This is an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depth estimation models are widely used to study volumetric formation of objects present inside an image. This is an important use case in the domain of computer graphics. 
```

> important use case in the domain of computer graphics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### 3D Representation

> Models trained for depth estimation can also be used to develop a 3D understanding from a 2D image which is another

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depth estimation models can also be used to develop a 3D representation from a 2D image.
```
Maybe you can mention how 3D representation can be used?

> important use case for computer graphics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Inference

With the `transformers` library, you can use the `depth-estimation` pipeline to infer with image classification models. You can initialize the pipeline with a model id from the Hub. If you do not provide a model id it will initialize with [Intel/dpt-large](https://huggingface.co/Intel/dpt-large) by default. When calling the pipeline you just need to specify a path, http link or an image loaded in PIL. 

```python
from transformers import pipeline

estimator = pipeline("depth-estimation")
result = estimator("http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg")
result

> # {'predicted_depth': tensor([[[ 6.3199,  6.3629,  6.4148,  ..., 10.4104, 10.5109, 10.3847],

Reviewer: Would be nice to add a line below to visualize the depth image like you did in schema.

Author: Added a comment.

#           [ 6.3850,  6.3615,  6.4166,  ..., 10.4540, 10.4384, 10.4554],
#           [ 6.3519,  6.3176,  6.3575,  ..., 10.4247, 10.4618, 10.4257],
#           ...,
#           [22.3772, 22.4624, 22.4227,  ..., 22.5207, 22.5593, 22.5293],
#           [22.5073, 22.5148, 22.5114,  ..., 22.6604, 22.6344, 22.5871],
#           [22.5176, 22.5275, 22.5218,  ..., 22.6282, 22.6216, 22.6108]]]),
#  'depth': <PIL.Image.Image image mode=L size=640x480 at 0x7F1A8BFE5D90>}
```

> ## Useful Resources

Reviewer: Can you add call for contribution for this? You can see how we do this with other pages (Especially new ones)

Author: Added a comment.

Author: Added a comment.

> ### Creating your own image classifier in just a few minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
